Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedhow-to-respond-notification-of-violation-student-code-of-conduct
<br>
Notification of Violation Student Code of Conduct Academic Dishonesty August 19, 2015 University of Phoenix Administration has been notified that you have been involved in an incident of academic dishonesty. Your alleged actions are in violation of the University’s Student Code of Academic Integrity and as a result, the University has issued an official charge against you. You must respond in writing to these allegations within ten (10) days of receipt of this letter. Failure to reply within ten (10) days shall result in your indefinite suspension from the University following the completion of your current class. Please send your response to the undersigned or to their designee Kathryn Ponce Incident Details Course ID: PSY/275, Start Date: July 28, 2015 Faculty: Jacqueline Gatewood Article(s) violated: a. Plagiarism – Intentional or unintentional representation of another’s words or ideas as one’s own in an academic exercise. Assignment name(s), date posted, and supporting details: Your Week 1 Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment Worksheet , posted to the classroom on august 3, 2015, appears to contain sections of text that have been copied and/or poorly paraphrased without proper in-text citation and/or reference from sources found on the Internet, including the following website: . This information was identified by the Turnitin student paper Database. Please note the following This letter serves as official notification that you have been charged with violating the Student Code of Academic Integrity. You must respond in writing to these allegations within ten (10) days of receipt of this letter. Your response may be sent by email or by standard mail. Failure to respond within ten (10) days will result in your indefinite suspension. All future follow-up correspondence regarding this issue will be sent electronically to your official email address on file. Student Code of Conduct violations may result in University imposed sanctions in addition to those that your faculty member may have already applied including, but not limited to, the possibility of not earning credit for the course, suspension, and/or expulsion from the University. Student Code of Conduct violations may be reflected on your student transcript. When faculty members submit student assignments to the Plagiarism Checker, the assignments are compared to a database of all previously submitted student papers in addition to Internet sources. Upon receipt of your written response, a campus committee will be convened to consider the charges against you. If you want to address the campus committee via teleconference, please clearly state that request in your written response. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.